Add information about issues relating to multiple webpacker dev servers (#2637)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training: docs/frontend.md

**If assets work in dev but not in tests**, first confirm that you can compile
by invoking `bin/webpack`. If all is well, there is a chance that
`public/packs-test` contains stale output. Delete it and re-run the suite.

**If you get `404`s on assets, but they compile ok or exist in `public/packs`**

> This can occur if webpacker is already running (likely from another project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can occur if a webpack-dev-server is already running (likely from another project).
```

> Our webpacker uses the default port, which other services may also use. Try

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our app is configured to look for webpack-dev-server on the default port, which other services may also use.
```
